hello everyone
so i have been loving the q and a videos
lately
and do you know what we're going for a
third one today so i hope you're
enjoying them too
today it is my random
q a because i haven't come up with a
better name for it yet
but the title might be better than this
or it might not be who knows but it is
my random q a
this is all the questions that are not
about cambridge and not about my new job
it is
all the other questions that you guys
want to know the answers to
i put a question thing on my instagram
account earlier this week
where people could send in questions
this is quite a fun
q a like all the really fun questions
are in this one
so let's get stuck in question one
is what's your favorite coffee order i
used to always order a caramel
latte without fail but i think literally
in the last week so this is hot off the
press breaking news
i've switched my coffee order to vanilla
latte
i don't know why i never gave the
vanilla syrup a chance
next question is what are your absolute
best techniques for remembering
complex concepts i quite like to do
blurts or i call them blurts i'm not
sure
that's the technical name for them but
it's basically when i
read some lecture notes with a complex
concept and then i put the lecture notes
away and try and
blurt out all the key points of the
concept on an a4 sheet of paper
and then compare it and then correct the
bits i got wrong and then go
again and again and again like writing
it out repeatedly
also speaking it out loud really helps
me i don't care if i look like an idiot
talking to myself
i will sit there and try explain it as
if i was talking to someone else and
explaining the concept to them
and sometimes i looked up youtube videos
on particular concepts the style of the
youtube video
the voice of the person in the youtube
video just sticks in your mind
next question will you continue to film
weekly vlogs even at your new
workplace i will not be vlogging on a
regular basis
in the office i have to be careful with
company confidentiality client
confidentiality
plus the fact there's going to be a lot
of other people in the office eventually
when we're finally in the office it
would be an absolute nightmare to get
permissions for everyone to be
in a video and not everyone will
necessarily want to feature in a video
however last year when i was an intern i
did get permission to film a day in the
life in the office
so i might be able to get that again i'm
not gonna make any promises though
so we'll see where we go with it i am
going to be working from home to start
with
so i'll be able to vlog a bit while i'm
at home next
question is aren't you going to miss
stars and physics
in your new job i fully intend
on keeping up with my new scientist
magazines
going to public open astro lectures
i might even make some videos on
astrophysics topics you never know
i find it all really interesting and
just because it's not my day job doesn't
mean i'm gonna completely drop it
i think i am going to enjoy studying
something completely different full-time
now
and i'm really looking forward to
learning some more business
finance stuff in the actuarial
curriculum next question is
how many countries have you been to let
me just count
portugal i've been to a lot because i
used to
have family who lived in portugal spain
croatia
italy france belgium montenegro
usa because i went to florida with my
family
oh i've technically driven through
germany
i haven't stopped off there have i
missed any did i say austria
i went on a tour with my concert van to
austria so yeah i've been to
lots of european countries and florida
i would definitely like to travel more
get out of europe a bit more
when i can next question how are your
friends at cambridge
missing them and their pranks they're
good
i miss them too but not their pranks i'm
doing quite all right without their
pranks
the majority of them are going back to
cambridge for another year so
they're all going to be reunited very
very soon i've got a little bit of fomo
i won't lie i think i would feel better
if
i was actually moving out and
working in an office myself in my new
job but obviously i'm working from home
and i'm still living with my parents so
it kind of feels like i'm stuck at home
while all my friends are just getting to
go back to normal and go back to uni and
move back in together
but you know i've chosen a different
path for myself
and i'm going to visit eventually i will
visit
next question how did you improve your
editing skills
i'm glad you think my editing skills
have improved thank you for that
i have just made lots of videos
that's all i did it's just practice i am
not the best editor you will find but
i'm
i'm better than when i started i've
never done very sophisticated editing
for my videos i guess because
i like to do vlogs and very realistic
authentic
content and i feel like the minimal
editing style
lends itself quite well to that i did
not like changing editing software at
all i started with imovie
and then changed to final cut pro and it
took me quite a while
to complete the transition to final cut
pro i kept starting my edit in imovie
and then exporting to final cut pro
you can watch youtube videos on controls
and stuff when you start out using new
editing software that can be beneficial
but i think
the best way to improve your editing is
just to get stuck into it
next question does youtube take you a
lot of time
like sort of a part-time job youtube is
time-consuming but it's a hobby so
i don't find it a drag in any way i'm
never looking at my watch during filming
or editing thinking oh
i wish i could be doing something else i
do youtube because i enjoy it
although obviously some of you will know
i do make money from youtube
i just never view it as a job the money
is
an added benefit like i would do youtube
even if i didn't earn money from it i'm
so grateful for it
and yeah next question is how's your new
dog
is he being completely spoiled for those
of you who don't know
my family adopted a dog called buster
five weeks ago now and he's doing so
good he's settled in
so quickly he loves his walks he loves
playing fetch and he always snuggles up
to us in the evenings
he does have separation anxiety though
he
gets very upset if anyone leaves the
house even if you go out for
just five minutes and then come back he
greets you like he hasn't seen you
in years the next question is would you
ever sell
any merchandise supplies or things fans
can buy
only if i thought of something that
people would genuinely
want to buy i would never just do it for
the sake of it you know
also i don't like the word fan i call
you guys viewers
the thought of having fans is weird
i think the reason i haven't really
explored the merchandise
product release area before is because
it would take so much admin power and
i've been busy being a full-time student
next question is what were your friends
views on you vlogging when you started
uni
this is a funny story actually so in my
first week at university i
never vlogged in front of people because
i was too
embarrassed i released my first vlog
probably about a week in
and in my first vlog i included
some photos of myself and
some of my staircase mates i probably
should have checked with them first if
they're okay with me putting it up on
youtube
but i didn't i had a knock on my door
one day
and i remember will being at the door
saying we know he showed me his phone
and was like what's this and someone
he'd met in lectures or labs has sent
him this screenshot
of the video which he featured in and
that was the first
he heard of it and it's crazy looking
back the
my video was kind of seen by other
people in the cohort
but yeah it got back to my friends and i
think it was will and
possibly ed was there as well i kind of
brushed it off i played it cool
i was like oh yeah i vlogged did i not
tell you about this
really i was quite embarrassed but i
didn't want to show it
so i kind of acted cool about it after
that they were always very keen to be in
the videos they absolutely loved it
the next question is how do you organize
the apps on your phone
okay i'm filming on my phone right now
but i will put a screen
recording here so you can see the apps
are all in folders which i feel is quite
predictable for me
i like to have a good filing system and
i also like to have all the icons on
one page the next question is where do
you see yourself
in 10 years i was talking about this
with friends and family recently
actually
in 10 years time i will be 31
first thing on my agenda right for my
adult life is to
build my career so i hope i will have
progressed
hopefully i will be a qualified actor it
would be nice to have met
my partner by then i definitely do want
children
at some point i'd probably in my 30s i'd
say i'd like to have children
okay the camera just cut out and i was
really worried i'd lost all my footage
there but we're okay
back to it where was i oh yeah why do
you see yourself in 10 years it does
kind of worry me
that i want to be married in 10 years
because that literally only gives me 10
years
to find my future husband you know like
that's not long there's also the thing
that everyone goes through life at their
own pace
so i'm not gonna worry too much about
the future
i'm just gonna go with the flow you know
next question is how do you prepare
your first cv i guess look at the
type of jobs you're applying for and the
skill sets they are looking for
and then find examples of when you have
demonstrated those skills
in your life to date and then list that
experience and those skill sets on the
cv in a brief
manner it really should be like one page
or two pages maximum
i think the key thing with cvs is
tailoring them to the job you're
applying for next question is
what a levels and gcses did you do okay
so these are the subjects i took at
school in england
for gcses i took apart from
the compulsory ones like english and
maths
i took triple science so
extra science drama and
history and as a language i did french
and then for a levels i went for
maths further maths physics and
chemistry
okay so the next question i wasn't
really gonna answer because
it's not too relevant to my channel to
be honest it's quite an
uninteresting answer but a lot of people
asked it
literally it was the question that came
up so many times compared to all the
other questions i got for this q a
and it is do you have a boyfriend and
the answer
is no next question at what age did you
truly begin your want to work hard
academically
literally when i was in nursery at
two and a half three years old i was
competitive and wanted to be
the best and kind of all through primary
school
i loved getting praise from teachers it
was
the best feeling when the teacher gave
me extra work to do compared to the rest
of the class
sometimes i got given an extra long book
to read and i remember
marching up to my teacher when i'd
finished the book and handing it to her
and saying
i finished it i was such a teacher's pet
i don't know i think i just was
a competitive child and that's where it
stemmed from
and i liked to please i was keen to
please teachers next question
do you have your own car i do i just
bought
my first car i'm very excited the car i
used to drive
technically belonged to my dad he
bought it and then allowed myself and my
sister
to drive it but since i'm moving out
soon and i'm getting a job
i have now purchased my very own car
with my own money
it's a nissan duke it was my auntie's
car
and she sold it to me now for a
reasonable price
soon is going to look so funky at the
moment it's just great
but i want to get some parts of it
wrapped because i
really want a pink or a purple car and
kind of the main incentive for buying a
car
is so i can drive up to cambridge
regularly
also when i move out i'm going to want
to drive backwards and forwards between
my new place
and my hometown so yes a car is going to
be very useful
the next question is do you actually
enjoy
studying yeah i think i actually do as
long as the subject i'm studying is
something i find
interesting and i think the biggest kick
i get is when
i look back on the courses i've
completed and the exams i've sat and i
think of
all the knowledge i accumulated in that
time and i'm like
yeah the studying was worth it and that
is it
for this q a i have got through all the
questions and
it's going to be my dinner time very
soon so i'm gonna head off
thank you very much for watching like
subscribe
hit the notification bell follow my
instagram
more videos are coming soon and yeah
bye
[Music]
you